I think we will all agree
that if there is a case that is causing a
stir in 2025 and that is undoubtedly
filling all social networks
apart from various media outlets
and even moving from the pink press because
we are talking about a character such
as Anabel Sobrins, from the same
Isabel Pantoja to the social chronicle to the
chronicle of events And the thing is that if you have
entered this video I am
completely sure that like me
all of you who are on the other side of the
screen are looking forward every day to
new information coming out that clarifies
the matter a little and that until the moment to
date that I am recording This video is not
happening in fact for my taste
too many days have passed and I am
worried that things will not get clearer
welcome one more day to the Channel I am Javi
Oliveira if you did not know me I invite you to
click the subscribe button In order
not to miss anything I upload you already know
that here you will find out about everything
viral that is happening on the planet
and this case is no wonder because it has
even opened some  days
every newscast in this video
we are going to put on the table the entire
chronology of the events from the first
moment we are going to analyze it point by
point of course respecting the
times of justice and the privacy of
these people as far as possible And now
everyone can draw their own
conclusions But this is full of
occultism lies and most likely
something that we still do not know Anabel
Pantoja met her current partner David
Rodríguez in 2023 during a
tour of the United States of her aunt
Isabel Pantoja David was part of the entourage
that accompanied the
singer he specifically as a
physiotherapist his profession is a
detail that will become relevant
later in the video because it must be
taken into account when dealing with what has
happened and as you already know
a physiotherapist is supposed to be
someone who has to know a little about the
subject of the human body what can
harm you and what not in May 2023 they
made their relationship official starting to
share posts together on their
social networks in October 2023
Anabel suffers  a spontaneous abortion
that apparently was a
real blow to both of us a
while ago in October I got pregnant
but it couldn't go through with it it was a
huge disappointment for David and for
me I was really freaked out I thought the same thing at my
age this just doesn't affect me
or we're not compatible it was also a
blow to my mother I regret
having told her because she suffered
a lot from everyone I have known if you follow the
gossip press a bit and you know
the character of Anabel that she is a
person who really likes
children and has always been eager and
has wanted to be a mother fortunately a month
later in the year 2024 by the summer they
announce that Anabel was
pregnant again as a result of which on
November 23rd 2024 the little soul was born
in the Canary Islands hospital
Santa Catalina in Las Palmas they have just
put pinda p they are loosening
Well here we
are I haven't slept the truth is that I
am I have to
say a lot the position for
[Applause]
[Music]
during the pregnancy the  program as if we
were that it is very strange for me to
pronounce it and you will forgive me that I will
always be calling him save me
that by the way they are now going to
Spanish television, I will be commenting on them, they
reveal an infidelity that
David would have had for Anabel with a girl
named Mari Ángeles at the beginning of
the relationship We have reached the point
that they have known each other all their lives that
in 2021 they begin to hook up and that in that
summer when it was still not clear
if Anabel and David were together they
continued talking and seeing each other that summer
of 2023 in that summer of 2023 this girl
had no idea that he was with
Anabel everything indicates that Anabel
knowing about this infidelity
forgives him and they never come to deny that
this infidelity had existed the
most that they get to rumor that
David is going to take legal action against
that girl but to date none of
this has been confirmed what happens is that on
the night of October 5 he starts
writing to this girl and begins a
playfulness that ends in a fit of anger
Although David works or worked in
Córdoba from Monday to Friday, on Fridays he
returns to the Canary Islands where he lives with
Anabel and her mother Merchi in the
town of Arguineguín in the south of the
island of Gran Canaria, that has been a little
context of the story between the two and
this is where Comi begins this terrible
episode that they will surely remember as
a nightmare for the rest of their days
according to the information It seems that in
the days prior to January 9th the
baby is no longer well and is
receiving medical assistance Although to
date that I am recording This video it is not
clarified What is wrong with her What symptoms
How many times or where Well in fact
this right now is part of the
investigation that we are talking about
today baby Alma at only 47 days old
suffers a crisis that is probably
very strong convulsions according to leaks in
the press later days later
inside the car while she was with her
father waiting in the parking lot of
a shopping center while Anabel
had gotten out to buy whatever
David gets scared he tries to calm the girl down
and by the time Anabel returns the  warns and
given the seriousness of the situation they decide to
take her urgently to the Roca clinic
where they immediately attend to her and she
remains
admitted there due to the seriousness they
observe in the baby they decide to organize the
transfer to the maternal and child hospital in
Las Palmas de Gran Canaria the admission
must occur in the early hours of
Saturday and that is why the date that is
registered as admission is
January 11th it is 45 km away although
nobody confirms it the transfer could have taken
place by road in an
ambulance or even in a
medicalized helicopter while the doctors fight
for Alma's life Anabel and David
aware of the situation notify their
closest relatives who
immediately catch a flight and travel
to Gran Canaria urgently the couple
is accompanied by Merchi Anabel's mother
And David's parents Antonio and
Marina as you all understand these are
very
critical moments in less than 24 hours the
other closest relatives also begin to arrive
Anabel's aunt Isabel
Pantoja also accompanied by her brother
Agustín Kiko Rivera and her sister Isapi
also join close friends such as
Belén  Esteban or Susana Molina
this is obviously an indication of
how serious the situation normally is
when parents have their child admitted to a
hospital because something happened
the same night or whatever, then the ones
who eat in the hospital are the
parents and like many the grandparents. Not only
the fact that uncles, cousins ​​​​and
close friends are traveling to the island, which is
not to say that it is something
that is very close, is an
indication of the seriousness and the
concern that the matter has in
fact surely you are already
commenting on it but it is worth highlighting the
situation that exists in
Isabel Pantoja's relationship with her children At the
moment it has not been commented on whether they ever
crossed paths or shared space in the
hospital at some point but well It
seems to me another important indication that
knowing that they can meet and that they
could be together Even in the same
room they did not hesitate for a moment to
show up there with
Anabel the news became public
throughout Spain it should be mentioned that the
first to give it were those of the
fiesta program through their
Twitter account and with this news and link to their
website because there was
also a certain controversy because several  The media
tried to claim the exclusive
Anabel Pantoja's baby is admitted a
baby almost two months old who was
admitted to the intensive care unit
of the Hospital.
Friends and family traveled to the island to that hospital to
clothe Isabel Pantoja's niece in
a case that shocked the entire press.
In the images that we are
seeing we see characters like Isabel
Pantoja Kiko Rivera also a
very close friend of Anabel Pantoja Belén
Esteban her mother and friends of the
influencer who tried at all
times to help and clothe the parents in
this transit they were having in
that hospital Anabel and David do not let themselves be
seen no one entering or leaving the hospital
makes any kind of statement although
the faces spoke for themselves at that
moment the diagnosis or
the reason for the admission is not known but as I was
saying the fact of the family and
close friends traveling there made it
clear that the situation was quite
serious the following hours were going to be
key for the
baby's life the doctors inform the parents to
be patient that the process is going to
be long The girl remains stable
within the  gravity the next 48
hours would be vital to know
Alma's evolution that Monday some
relatives return to the Peninsula
while others like Isabel Pantoja
had settled there to stay with no
scheduled return date. To support
her niece other friends of the couple
such as Raquel boyo also
travel to the island to be close to
Anabel and her family as
previously mentioned this Monday February 133
the press specifically a media
called canaria 7 begins to leak things
about the little girl's health
on screen you have a screenshot of an
article that although they deleted it served so that
the rest of the media would echo
here throughout Spain indicate that
according to sources close to the hospital the
girl began to convulse and upon arriving at
the Roca clinic as she did not react they
intubated her and urgently referred her to the
maternal and child hospital due to the
media uproar over the leak of
the information canaria 7 deletes this
publication I understand that for fear of
lawsuits because this cannot be done or
because of criticism the truth is that it was
too
sensitive information friends of the couple continue to arrive
on the island For example love
romeira I have been there when I
had to be there because she has also been there
in the worst moments of my life
and friendship is governed by that, not
only do we have to be there for the
fun of the holidays but also
when one needs a
comforting hug while other
close friends like Belén Esteban return to the
Peninsula there is no important news
but the fact that there are such
close relatives who are returning to the
Peninsula conveyed a certain
tranquility the girl is
stable It seems that there was neither
improvement nor worsening
and that this was within the
normal range of whatever had
happened to her the girl's parents continue to
not be seen and do not separate from their
little girl Wednesday also with no news
everything continues stable within the
delicate situation in which
the little girl finds herself the media repeats
the same information exactly as the
day before the parents do not want to
share absolutely any information about
what has happened there are many people who are
beginning to criticize this for being too
secretive but other people, for
example, I understood it as part of the
privacy because it is a health issue
for the little girl and that at no time would we
have Why know  so
the doctors also did not offer any
medical report to the
press on Thursday More of the same in
fact Since there was so much interest and it was
a topic that was getting so many views
both in digital media such as on
YouTube as in all the social networks
and the gossip press programs,
it was a topic that Well, at that
time I was very critical of
all the media that were making 30
headlines because there was no
news, in other words, it was a girl who had been
admitted, it was not known why It seems that it had
been something serious but everything
pointed to it being a
health problem that had arisen because of how small she
was anything no That it would not be
known or that we would have Why to know and
basically that is not I mean, there were no
headlines there were no headlines and there were
media that were making 30
headlines everything continues the same last
hour and now within the media they told you there is no
last hour anyway the news
seemed to be slowly fading away
due to the lack of
news on Friday it is said that it
seems that there is a small
positive advance in the health of the Little One although they
continue to insist that the whole
process will be slow But well, at least
that seems  a little bit of respite, a sign
that little by little there is some improvement, even if it's just
a little bit, I feel much
calmer because of that because she has already
made it known that everything is going better and
just to say to the
collaborators, especially not to the people
who are in the streets, no, because they are very
respectful, but to the collaborators, that they
have a little bit of
tact, Isabel, how have you seen Anabel? And to
David, you are a very important support for
her, it's true, it's a desito how she is,
the support of the family is very important,
Isabel, at the
moment her cousin Isa Pantoja, from the
set of Let's see, which is the program
where she collaborates in the morning, by name, I do
n't think so. I mean, now that she has returned to
Rosa, I'm not sure yet, but
well, the morning program on
Tele5 where she is a collaborator, she appreciates the
support from everyone and, by
the way, she also throws in a few digs.
Although she doesn't make it clear who it's for
because she doesn't give a name, I personally
think it was going to be for her mother, Isabel
Pantoja, commenting that when someone
wants to be somewhere, it doesn't matter if they
see her or not, because you're
doing something good and little else. I mean, the
truth is that it doesn't provide much
information either.  because well respecting that
the cousin is not saying absolutely
anything because neither friends nor
family want to comment on anything
as is
normal, they continue to talk about the
positive evolution of the health of little Alma
Belén Esteban returns to the
Canary Islands to be with her friend
Anabel Isabel Pantoja leaves the island
which is interpreted as a good
sign obviously and little by little everything
seems to be hopeful and that little by
little things are returning to
normal and the news calm
down and Anabel Pantoja releases
a statement for the first time in this
statement she says several things She comments
that the girl is fine and that she continues to
progress in her improvement she thanks the
hospital staff for the great treatment they have
given her and not only the
hospital she also thanks all the
displays of affection she has received
from the people Anabel Pantoja has
uploaded a statement that you are
seeing Here 11 days ago my life stopped but
here we continue fighting with love and faith
advancing step by step she thanks the
hospital where her daughter is admitted the
maternal and child hospital of the Canary Islands they talk about the
process that lies ahead now we
continue moving forward climbing one
more step in  this path I want to thank
from the bottom of my heart all the support and
displays of affection we have received from
everyone and everywhere and ask the
media not to speculate
on the subject and to respect and let her
live a normal life without much
follow-up and now comes Anabel's request
Why this statement comes I
want you to read the fourth paragraph carefully we
only ask With all due respect that the
media allow us to live this process
as parents calmly without
speculation or demands of what has
happened our greatest wish is that
this bad dream will pass soon and we can
return home with our daughter we know
that being a public figure this brings
with it a but I would ask that they
allow us to live these days with a bit of
normality being able to come and go from the hospital
take turns going out for breakfast or lunch or
simply going out to do the laundry without
feeling watched or followed by
the
cameras it is revealed that Anabel and David
have a motorhome in the
hospital parking lot that they use to
shower rest etcetera
the cover of the next day's reading is advanced
by Luis Pliego himself from the
program tardear In which we can
see the first  images of Anabel
Pantoja in and out of the hospital
in those days there is speculation about whether she has
turned off the photo or whether her
favorite magazine would have betrayed her Well, you
can call it betrayal but
basically it is what it is and we get to
Thursday, January 23rd, this Thursday
something very curious happens that is going to
make sense in the
following days And it is that for the first time it is
leaked that they have been in court
people speculate with the possibility that
this visit to court was to
report some leaks from the
press or some comments that
would have bothered her something that really makes
little sense at that time or at
least now thinking about it calmly it doesn't and the thing is that
really if Anabel now wants to
take action against some
media that have been leaking
things about her daughter's health she will do so
through her usual lawyers and
her attorneys and she is not going to go
to court at that time to file the
complaint there just on this 23rd
also the girl turns 2 months old and Anabel
uploads a compilation video of some
moments with the girl to
celebrate it we are going to talk about Anabel
Pantoja because she celebrated with a
very nice video Belén the two months of
Alma and I have to say something that yesterday I
was not I did not stick to reality something that
by the way I celebrate let's see if I was
wrong Alma is already in the ward and
yesterday yesterday I made the mistake of yesterday I made
the mistake of saying that she was still in
the ucia so well Well I'm glad of
my mistake more than ever let's
see if it goes
[Applause]
well
[Music]
man I took the
[Applause]
[Music]
now with a little more calm
about the state of health of the girl the
speculations and the concerns
focus more on knowing why the couple
had visited the court in those
days for Monday January 27th the
evolution continues to be good and after
18 days admitted finally the news
is more expected the doctors decide to
discharge Alma it has been impressive
everything we have lived through at 50 days She
only has 50 days to live but one
day when she is of age Alma will
find out that many years ago she was the
center of attention of all of
Spain  or from practically all of Spain or
the people who at least follow the
gossip press worried about her
health and perhaps one day
Alma will also be told that she was
indirectly responsible at least for one
reason that is not pleasant for the
Pantoja plan, the Pantoja clan, that
disunited family with so many quarrels at stake, to
unite not in the same space but
for the same cause years after their
disagreements,
the baby has had a tremendous evolution,
the medical team is sensational and well, it has
fulfilled our dream which was to set
foot again and enter through the
town roundabout, we are so much that we can't fit
because we haven't seen the sun for a long time,
the girl is perfect and she is not superb
and apparently nothing has happened here
so we are super
delighted this same day that the father
attends to the press, they begin to
leak in some
media the first was informally
that Anabel Pantoja and he were being
investigated for something that had happened
to the girl, something that was related
to the admission of the baby but they still had
not put a label on it, The Movida is that
at this moment people like
me  I include myself, I was even being
critical of the people who were
commenting on this news because I say
[ __ ] I understand that this has been a topic that has had a
lot of visits because things
were slack, there was no
news about the heart, there were no clicks and
suddenly they pull this that seems like it
will be, well, the typical thing, not to pass the
part, I don't know, something that will fall within
normality, I imagine, but on the 29th
everything
changes due to the media uproar and the
rumors, the High Court of Justice
of the Canary Islands publishes the following
statement confirming that Anabel and her
partner are being investigated for an
alleged crime of child abuse. The
truth is that the label is shocking,
in addition, there are several things that caught the
attention of this statement because
normally justice always respects
the presumption of innocence and is
discreet with the people investigated,
especially until there is something
clarifying and the statement, rather than
throwing a lifeline, pointed it out, it was
even an inquisitorial statement, I would say
the intervention of justice is
motivated by the referral from the
medical center to the court on duty of a report from the
ions on the state of the minor
Dated January 17th, the content of
this report was ratified by a
forensic medical expert. The investigation
aims to clarify the causes and the
mechanism of production of the injuries
seen in the
baby. According to everything, the
medical problem that the girl had was due to
injuries that had
caught the doctors' attention. Not only had they
caught their attention, they also called it
Shaken Baby Syndrome. This basically means that the
child has either fallen very hard or has been
shaken in an inappropriate way. For
their age, babies are little
people who are not yet fully
formed and you have to be
very careful when treating them.
Obviously, we want to think that it
was not on purpose or at least
conscious of the damage to be caused, but that it
was probably an accident or
that they have fallen or something like that. The
thing, apparently, is that when they
arrive to admit the girl, they start saying
that the girl has suddenly started crying
and that nobody knows what
has happened. So, of course, this clashes
greatly with the injuries that the
baby has. The media
literally explodes at this point, they
even open all the midday news programs
on all the channels.  It's something
impressive and the news is no
less it's about
Isabel Pantoja's niece accused along with her
partner in an alleged crime of abuse of
a 50-day-old baby do you remember that
previously in the video I mentioned
a Canary Islands media outlet called
Canari 7 this media outlet at the time leaked the
little girl's health status and what
seemed to have happened and that she was
going to have an operation but later
after the criticism it seemed to
eliminate it I don't know if out of fear of reprisals
or of their image or how badly
people took it but from now on they don't hold
back and they are the main ones in
leaking direct information or from
medical sources or from
judicial sources in which they detect
injuries produced on a baby
a newborn baby of a quite
important nature both in that those
injuries are what caused his admission
to the inter children's hospital and that he
was, as you said,
almost two weeks not in
intensive care therefore automatically
what the investigating body does is eh
act immediately eh urges the
forensic  from the Institute of Legal Medicine to
make a report that evaluates the boy
and what the girl in this case and what they
determine is that what
the doctors at the Maternal and Child Hospital say is compatible
with what they understand
specifically Fran Fajardo makes several
interventions on television that draw
a lot of attention in the program
son soles He comments that the girl was admitted
with a
head injury she suffered injuries
specifically head injury and
of sufficient magnitude as we said
before to cause her to be admitted to
the hospital for so
long my goodness we are talking about
injuries it is a very important fact that
sun is that head injury The
appearance of this information that
gives us to colleague Fajardo is extremely
important because we did not know we did not
know exactly where and what type of
injuries and above all where she had
suffered we did not know publicly
no one has made an official statement
regarding the pathology that the
child suffered nor will there be I understand we
pause to review the key dates in
this matter January 11 the girl is admitted
to the Maternal and Child Hospital
January 17 the hospital  sends a report to the
court about the injuries observed when
the baby was admitted January 19th the
court requires a forensic doctor outside the
hospital to carry out an expert report
on said injuries, who writes it up and
sends it to the court confirming the
same doctors' evidence
January 21st Anabel and David are called to
court where they are informed that they are being
investigated January 27th Anabel and
David are called to testify in
court they are neither arrested nor any
precautionary measures are established and here there is
something else interesting that
coincides with the same day of the
girl's discharge I understand that they will
discharge her once they testify and no
precautionary measures are put in place regarding the
minor when the hospital decides to
discharge her I understand that it is no coincidence
informalia publica that according to
judicial sources the injuries could be due
to shaken baby syndrome as I have
explained before this is something that
can have very serious consequences for
a baby to the point of lifelong consequences
brain problems
motor problems even a
delay problem watch out because the
his statement in court or well
part of his statement because it is
assumed that they declare separately, one
is there for 4 hours and the other two, 6 hours in total
of statements but only
this is leaked the protagonists are Anabel
Pantoja and David Rodríguez, her partner, they
are leaving the court to testify on
duty Anabel was summoned at 10
in the morning David arrived a little
later around 12:15 at which time he
is caught entering through the door There
we are seeing the images Anabel
declares for about 4 hours more or less 4 hours
is inside David do according to
Anabel Pantoja and David Rodríguez, the two
went out to buy their daughter who was
properly seated in her
car seat. When they arrived at the place, the
physiotherapist parked in a double file and
Anabel got out to buy the baby, leaving the
girl with her father sitting in her car seat.
Afterwards, David explained how suddenly his
daughter started crying very intensely and
David went to the back of the
car to comfort her, he took her out of her
seat to change her diaper and
put her on his lap first  in prone position
and then in supine position in order to
clean and change her
Anabel Pantoja's partner did this on two
occasions because he made a mistake when
putting her clothes on according to the
court statement and
sources of the investigation have indicated to informalia
during all this time the girl was
crying intensely until
suddenly Anabel's daughter started crying
louder and David began to notice something
strange It was then that he
tapped her on the cheek changed her
position and put his finger in her mouth
in case she was choking on her
tongue but it didn't pass him by The
thing is that they obviously if
this is what they have told in court
it is also what they came to the
hospital telling me if you come to the hospital
telling me that suddenly the girl cries
intensely and that's why you come running
to the hospital because you are worried and it
turns out that the girl has some
injuries from being shaken and a
head trauma Well it's normal for
doctors to suspect in fact I understand that
not only because of the  injuries we must take
into account that they were
in the hospital for 17 days it is quite likely that
in those days they were talking to
Anabel and with her partner trying to see
what they finish and so on and there were
things that do not add up in eh There is a
protocol because the minor has
a lot of protection, which we
love And things that we support of
course H we admire that that exists
eh the doctors pass the part due to a
Well, this exists we are going to pass it on
because eh It is a routine protocol for
a 40-day-old baby and so on it is
communicated to us and and our world falls to the
ground because we say how can it be what
happened we are going to give everything we collaborate of
course and we are going to tell the judge
what happened so that everything is
clear Eh well no Anabel, not everything has been made
clear yet things are still not
clear And this is not a
routine protocol, I mean everyone when
we go to the doctor with the children it is not
routine that you are charged with a crime of
alleged
abuse the next day some media outlets
start saying as
if Isabel Pantoja had
spoken out on the matter and it has to come
out  tonadillera through her
team to deny it in a statement on
her Instagram account, everyone
is also criticizing
Anabel Pantoja's statement because the truth is that it
is quite inappropriate, far from clarifying, it
generates more confusion, jovana, there is a
reaction from the legal team
that assists them. Yes, Anabel Pantoja's legal team
has spoken and I read you their
exact words because they say there is no
suspicion of any type of
child abuse. It is true that the
lawyers want to be cautious but they
want to flatly deny these
alleged bad treatment by
Anabel and David and they also say that
right now the little girl is a baby but
that in a few years she will be older, she
will have access to everything that has been
published and that they will not allow her to
read that her parents have abused her and
then
Anabel Pantoja's lawyers also released another statement that
made it even worse if possible, let's see, I
understand that they are the lawyers who have to
defend their client but the truth
is that they start denying things contrary
to what the superior court of
justice itself has said, such as, for example, Nobody  I
was talking about an alleged
crime of child abuse
Annabel's legal team has spoken out There
is no suspicion of any type of
child abuse Lawyers Mercedes
Ruiz Rico and Irene Sorribas have spoken
to Hola magazine about the news that has
appeared in the last few hours and they
prefer to opt for caution
when giving explanations right now
Alma is a 40-day-old baby but in
a few years she will be a girl who will have
access to everything that is being published
and she will see that they have stated that her parents
have abused her we cannot consent to that they
have also clarified Why they have
called the collaborator
and the physiotherapist to testify a
protocol has been opened How it has to be opened because these are
procedures that are marked for the
defense of the minor precisely because of that
protocol they have had to testify But
in no case is there suspicion of any
type of child abuse or anything
similar in the same way both Ruiz
Rico and Sorribas prefer not to comment on
the TSJ statement we will have to
analyze that is why we cannot
comment Anabel And David has been
called to testify very  quickly and they have
let them go without any charges
because there is
nothing speculation and
interpretations continue with the statements from the
high court of justice and the
few explanations from Anabel Pantoja
who is also being heavily criticized the
prosecutor's office issues a statement emphasizing
that despite the fact that
an alleged abuse is being investigated
precautionary measures were taken and the
defendants were released after
their statement as I told you
previously in the video it is known that
Anabel was testifying for 4 hours
and that David was testifying and like
two that yes what is said is that the
statements of one and the other are
contradictory to each other David is a
person who has never spoken to the
press I have not seen him speak to
the press or with situations in life
that have been spoken Exactly Then Spoken to the
press with my p ha now I go now I go to
what I am going to say precisely as he is
someone who does not speak to the press I am
surprised that he did make statements
upon leaving the hospital both to Antena
3 and to Giovanni Tal but my question is
when he gives those statements  It is already
known then that they are being
investigated we just said then it
surprises me even more that in
such a delicate situation for both of them
David is giving statements when
normally he never has done it I am
surprised reading It is that I think that by
making it seem that they are that he is
calm and they are calm I think that they
are not being honest with the
people in a
Public way at this moment it is known that
the court has requested images from the
cameras of that shopping center where
according to David In his statement they were
standing in the second row while
Anabel got off to buy and the girl
suddenly began to cry intensely
until the moment I am recording This
video It is unknown if they have had access
to those cameras and if they have already
viewed them the media is beginning to have
professionals who give their opinion on the
matter each one more interesting than the last who
try to shed a little light on everything
that is being talked about and speculated
about this case as I have already told you
that it goes from being a Gossip Column to a
Crime Column get organized with your partner get
organized with the grandparents get organized
because children are sometimes very
tiring and  They cry and poop and they don't
let you sleep and then sometimes in an
impulse gesture, acts are committed
that one personally abhors
because they love the person, in other words,
within the alleged abuse,
the shaking syndrome has nothing to do with
putting an iron on
a baby's back for more than a minute,
that is clear, then well, and then
we have other cases that are pathological,
Munchausen syndrome, etc., which
are abuse of a person,
normally a mother, normally from the
clinical field, a doctor, a nurse, who is
deep down sick and commits terrible acts,
but children do not belong to their
parents, they belong to the present and the
future, and the state, in other words, the
citizens have to protect
children, is questioned a lot. By the way, the
issue of
David's and Anabel's statements being leaked,
however, in fact, at the time
I am recording this video, we
still do not know Anabel's statement, it
is very strange, the truth is,
how strange, even if
videos are not normally leaked. I think that the issue
of videos not being leaked on this
occasion has to do with the  privacy
of the minor and also that it is a
case that is ex officio, let's say it is
followed by the prosecutor's office apart from
other authorities that have adhered to
the accusation, so normally when it
is a conflict between two parties there is always
a party interested in something being
leaked and in this one well that is not the case and
we have had the news that
several authorities have appeared in the case,
eh, two
pro-child associations, the Island Council and the
Mogán City Council and the
Canary Islands government, apart from the owners Don
Alberto, how does it change the
procedural situation or the future of these people that these
people, that these authorities appear
in the case? Well, it will
simply be more bureaucratic and more
tangled, that is to say, the representatives of
the minor's childhood, etc.,
etc. But it is more of the same, the
Public Prosecutor's Office already has the obligation
to defend anyone and the principle
of legality and any complainant and
much more so when it is a matter of a
baby of a minor, that is to say, those
accusations, like when there is a murder
of a woman at the hands of her husband, that is to
say, Well, there may be
associations that represent, eh  to
abused women who appear as a
private prosecution or
even as a popular prosecution, but it's a bit more of the
same, in other words, they are along the same lines
as the prosecution's accusation, it's
true that they can put forward some idea, it
's true that they can provide some
expert report. But in the end, when there is
an appearance, everything will be more
tangled, more bureaucratic, longer
because the association's lawyer,
the Cabildo's lawyer, the
city council's lawyer, plus the public
prosecutor's office, etc., etc. will ask. And
then the role
of the defense is minimized a bit because it seems that everyone
is there, everyone is going to talk
about the idea of ​​​​protecting the minor,
okay, we do it to protect and then
they go a bit cornering the figure of
the parents as accused and I believe that
the defense also has to work on
the idea of ​​​​protecting the rights of
the
minor. In the days before Wednesday,
February 5, there has been speculation about
a possible crisis in the couple due to the
situation in which they find themselves. When
these things happen, it is quite
common for there to be arguments because
maybe one of them is not satisfied
with how the other has left them. In their
statement anyway this series of things are
denied because
images of them on the beach are starting to leak out.
Also the cover of Semana magazine comes out
with the image Anabel on the beach
with her baby. Two days later on
Friday's program, images
of them on the beach with the whole
family are leaked and something
quite important also happens. Anabel and her mother
Merchi go with the girl back to the
hospital. It's a medical check-up
because according to Informalia on its
website, the judge who is now investigating the case at
court number four of Má Palomas
has asked that the medical report be extended.
The little girl's medical report. I
understand that visiting the hospital
will be something routine because the
girl has to be under surveillance.
What happened to her? Well, the girl has been
hovering between life and death.
Obviously, she will be under observation
for a long time and will probably do so
quite regularly throughout
her life. It is said that grandparents, friends, and close relatives will
also be called to testify.
Anabel finally opens the doors
of her house to make statements to the
press.  you're here and everything really
but I have to live my life okay I've been
without going out for over a week 10 days I do
n't think I've harmed you in your
work so I don't want to harm me
in my life okay she says thank you and asks to be
allowed to continue with her life come and
go as normal she says she's not going to
talk and that what she wants is to get back
to some normality with her
little one eh Thank you very much and that's it I'm going to
live my life okay yes we care okay we
have you close by I don't want to talk
about anything else just to thank
you who are here
personally but that's it Okay my life
goes on please eh I'm going to try to go out
with Little one she calms down with the
walks I've been trying to go out for a week
I know you're sent by your
boss you're not here for pleasure but I
understand your job but understanding
my
situation too okay please don't do anything in the last few days we've also found out that they've changed lawyers this time to hire lawyers who have more to do with this subject who are specialized in cases like this
and it's no wonder the matter is
quite serious  And even if it's
obvious by accident or whatever, they might
feel sorry that you take the
little one away from them or at least one of the two,
which would cause a lot of problems
because Well, not only separating
from your daughter but how do you continue
with your partner If your partner has a
restraining order or something like that,
very excited, not only how are
you, we can ask you, uh, I'm
trying to make a life okay I've been
stopped for a few days and now I want to make a life
uh I want to be in my town quietly and that's it
and live my normal life if
you don't mind, I mean, I understand that you
're here, you've already seen me, I've already been
photographed
uh from afar because I haven't spent anything
either, which is that it's good that you
clarify it because a lot has been said and now I'm
going to try to go out with my girl, I'm
going to go to the supermarket, I'm going to the
pharmacy, please let me because it's
something intimate and that's it Okay, I mean,
hoping that this will pass, I imagine not, uh, I'm going to
continue with life and hoping that
everything will be resolved okay, you can relax
right now, I'm fine  okay within
what there is okay And I'm not going to talk about the
subject, I'm not going to get into controversy,
really, besides they asked me and I'm going to do it
this way, we've also learned in the
last few days that they have taken
separate defenses I was asking
my lawyer about this, he thinks that it will surely be
a strategy for whatever reason okay
judicial issues okay legal terms But
well, it doesn't have to mean
anything bad or anything like that I give you
my opinion okay what I think has
happened here I think that if you are
going to the doctor and then also in
court you continue to keep it away from
clarifying it at one point no and stop with
this lying eh Because obviously
the girl has not started to cry
intensely and has those injuries
because I do believe that it has obviously been
an accident I don't think they wanted to
mistreat the girl of course not at
all but I believe that this
accident or that they dropped her or that they
moved her with more
intensity than
a baby should move, I think it has been
inappropriate, I don't know, we can
come up with a thousand things here imagine it's not that she was were
the two of them were arguing and they
hit her and they fell off the
stroller, I don't know, I'm making this up
completely, but I think that whatever way
the girl was
shaken or fell and got
those injuries is a way that they
obviously don't want to talk about, either
because they're too ashamed, they're
afraid of being judged, or that they have
legal consequences because it was
very negligent, so I'm
like all of you behind the
screen, hoping this gets cleared up. I'd like to
remind you that I also have two videos
on the channel and two live shows with a
few professionals, pediatricians,
lawyers, even the child's advocate.
So I invite you all to take a
walk through the channel, in the videos tab,
and in the live tab, you'll
find everything. I want you to tell me what
you think, but please, with
great tact and respect, I'll
be reading you. I send you a big kiss
and until the next video, family, bye